QRadar_v3 Thread dump (#16198)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_1_19.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Ability to do a thread dumpo with a USR1 signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to do a thread dump with a USR1 signal.
```
